alright well sitting out here relaxing
beautiful fucking day I came out here to
talk about Minecraft and Microsoft the
big deal today Microsoft purchase
minecraft purchased the developer
microsoft owns minecraft now it's insane
this is a huge fucking deal 2.5 billion
dollars can you believe that little
fucking minecraft game is worth 2.5
billion dollars holy fucking shit man
holy shit I mean it's a good game though
it's a cool game I feel like I don't
understand it how do you not understand
it its Legos it's pretty it's what it is
its Legos okay it's virtual Legos if who
the fuck doesn't like Legos what's wrong
with some of you anyway it doesn't
matter if you don't understand it or not
it what matters is the facts and the
facts our minecraft is a big time hit it
sold over 50 million copies ok 2.5
billion dollars these toys you go to the
toy store and there's fucking toys
there's posters t-shirts minecraft is is
worth a lot of goddamn money hell it's
worth 2.5 billion dollars according to
Microsoft who just purchased it now
second thing we got to talk about
fanboys fanboys Xbox fanboys have a seat
have a seat sit the fuck down stop
celebrating minecraft is not going to be
an Xbox exclusive okay at least not
minecraft 1 now if they come out with a
minecraft to which I would assume
they're going to I mean Microsoft's
gotta milk it dry you know that so I
would assume we're gonna get a minecraft
too but I don't see minecraft to being
an Xbox exclusive I just don't see the
good business in that I mean think about
it 50 plus million copy 54 million sold
across all platforms for Minecraft
you're not going to sell 50 million
being an Xbox exclusive okay market the
market is too big for Minecraft to make
it an exclusive you have to keep it
multi plat now some guys suggested on
Twitter and this this makes a lot of
sense minecraft will remain they will
make a sequel to Minecraft it will
remain a oh they may not even make a
sequel they may just kick I don't know
but if they make a sequel they will have
exclusive dlc for xbox so that makes a
lot more sense I don't see him yet like
i said if the first one sold over fifty
million how can you release the second
one and sin and
make it exclusive and what are you gonna
sell one to three million mo and I'm
what you're saying well people are go
out and buy consoles you really think
that all the Minecraft fans going to buy
consoles no I'll tell you what's going
to happen the Minecraft fans will hate
it and they there will be a huge
backlash and it will kill minecraft it
will completely kill it so I don't see
them making an exclusive unless they're
fucking retarded which it is Microsoft's
oh and they might do it but I don't
think it's a good idea so I think
minecraft will remain an exclusive
they've already said that all the
current versions are going to remain on
there and they're going to be supported
and they will be updated and they should
be because I mean let's face it this is
a business Microsoft's in it to make
money and the more platforms the game is
on the more money they can make so like
I said I don't see any good business
sense and taking it off these platforms
and in and if they do make a Minecraft
to which I think they will because it is
like I said it is Microsoft and there's
a lot of money i mean minecraft to you
know everybody that all these diehard
minecraft fans are going to be all over
that minecraft too and what do you do
with it a you just maybe update the
graphics a little bit making a little
bit maybe maybe put it in 1080p make a
little bit more crisper looking you know
minecraft looks pretty good if you put
it if you if you get a text at a texture
pack it was default minecraft graphics
but it was it was in high resolution and
i had a shader on the computer because i
got it on a pc also got on a ps4 as well
but it looks pretty good so I think if
you made the game look a little better
put some lighting in it you know could a
shader on it you could sell minecraft
too just like other people by the fuck
out of a guarantee maybe add some new
creatures of some she know some new
blocks or whatever fuck anyway so that's
out of the way I don't see it becoming
an exclusive what's it what's the next
thing people's talking about tell and I
think it's it out fucking out now
fucking though I don't fucking now I
don't fuck it no I'm just sitting out
here sipping on some tea sitting out
here sipping on some tea that's good tea
that's good as TI stop drinking soda by
the way everybody was freaking the fuck
out and I started feeling sick and stuff
so I stopped drinking a soda and I feel
a lot better so I guess y'all was right
you faggots were right and I knew you
were right like I don't know like I need
to be told soda's bad for me what am i
12 of course I know soda's bad for my
Sedin give a fuck I'm sure you do some
shit is bad for you dumb son of a
bitches anyway
that's I I felt like I missing something
but I talked about the UH it not being
exclusive I talked about the money I
think that's it I think that's fucking
it oh oh I almost forgot the Minecraft
fans oh those poor fans I know what
you're thinking right now you're
thinking fuck Microsoft has bought this
shit it's over there they're crying
right now they're like it's over and I
don't blame you for thinking that
because Microsoft is going to be shoving
this connect maybe I mean they're gonna
be shoving that connect in there oh my
god no telling what the future of
Minecraft holds if Microsoft's smart and
does it right they can make a lot of
money but if they fuck up which they
have a history of doing they could kill
that whole fucking French that's if they
make it an xbox one exclusive it's over
it's over it's done it's can completely
done I mean come on man come on four
million fit for a game that sold 54
million you're gonna make it exclusive
to a console that has about four million
cells that ain't going to happen i'm
telling you that ain't going to happen
they already said it's not going to
happen i've seen fanboys on twitter that
was celebrating shit minecraft exclusive
now they even said it's not exclusive
weather can y'all motherfuckers read
Jesus Christ but uh well like I said I
think it's a good thing I think they
made a good move buying it because I
think there's a lot of money still to be
made it there I think there's a lot of
money to be made on a sequel and I do
see though I do see those free updates
that we love so much if you play it on
PC you know you get free updates all the
time I see those going away and I see
them charging maybe they won't charge on
pc but on consoles they're gonna start
charging you for updates of shit telling
you right now it's that's what that's
why they bought it i'm telling you they
see that gold mine of dlc because the
guy that owned it before he's worth like
600 million and he don't even care about
money from what i hear about him he
doesn't even give a shit about money so
he was just given free updates away
because he didn't care he had enough
money he's one of these guys that he had
been six hundred million dollars he got
enough money but Microsoft know there's
never enough money for them they're
greediest fuck so they're gonna
nickel-and-dime the fuck Eddie I feel
bad for the Minecraft fans I really do
cuz y'all got sold out today I sold out
but hey let's be honest 2.5 billion
dollars i sell
shit to I wouldn't give a fuck about you
Father but I wouldn't give two fucks
about you fans I would say if somebody
came to try to buy my youtube channel
for 2.5 billion dollars i'd sell that
touch they fuck you motherfuckers got
understand when you when you get off for
2.5 billion dollars shit fuck it man
fuck the Minecraft fans I bet that's
what he said to as he sighs he got his
check fucked it motherfuck they was
probably like what will the fan you know
there was released one guy that was like
what were the fan steak then they all
look Damon said you see this check for
two billion dollars fuck the feds the
fucking faggots anyway god damn i went
to that convention i'll see him at the
convention bunch of smelly fucking nerds
anyway god damn they sold you out they
sold you out but you let's be honest
you'd have done the same thing for two
more five who the fuck wouldn't who the
fuck god damn out of soul that shit say
i was sort of a month ago she hadn't
been done with it 2.5 billion dollars
god damn god damn for Minecraft holy
fuck anyway the